Holy fuckin' shit...
The Narrow River Memorial Fund?
Wait. you really think
the St. Ledgers are just gonna. what.
consider it a-a contribution or something?
This is like a drop in the bucket
to him. Shyla.
The money. I should've known.
I need a reputable source. on the record.
Off the record. I fell in love
with the Narrow River Killer.
And today. he's gonna tell me
what happened that day
that Paul Sparling died.
I can't. I can't... I can't look at you.
I can't talk to you. I can't tell you.
I can't tell you.
Is it still going on?
No.
No. it's over.
Where do you want to go?
Nowhere.
Doctor. based on what you seen.
is there anything you can give me?
The victim is...
male.
I'll tell you the truth.
I haven't been honest with you.
I-I. I was scared
that if I told you what I did. uh...
you-you would...
You'd just run.
Whatever it is. it's okay.
Don't say that. You don't know.
You don't know what I did.
When I was in high school. a kid drowned
in the Narrow River
in Rhode Island. and. uh...
I was. um...
involved.
The river. it was... it was by my school.
It was a place where people would
go to... to hang out and. um...
So. senior year. I went down there
with my friends Paul and... and Shane.
The three of us were close.
but it was always tense.
Especially between me and Paul.
I think back then I would've said
that he was jealous of me.
of the-the money and the freedom I had.
but that wasn't it.
it was me. I was the one.
I was the one who was jealous.
I had no one.
And Paul. he was just...
He was Paul. he was...
so confident.
And there were these times where...
we would be together
and everything would be fine
and then all of a sudden.
a joke would land wrong.
and we would just be
at each other's throats.
And this one time...
This one time...
it-it got physical.
Paul just attacked Shane.
And he was really trying to hurt him.
And then they got into the river.
and-and...
and then Shane got on top of Paul.
And Shane just kept on
pushing Paul's head underwater.
just pushing and pushing and pushing.
And I. uh...
I just. um...
I just watched. as Shane drowned him.
All I wanted to do was just to...
move past it. move on. and so I did.
Uh...
I've... I've lost...
I've lost every single
meaningful relationship in my life
because of this one mistake. and...
because of that. my life has just been...
empty.
And sad.
And then I met you. and. uh.
you just...
turned on the light.
And. uh. I should've told you.
I should've told you earlier.
but I was. I was scared.
I was really scared.
Um...
But I'm telling you now.
And I-I... I-I hope...
together. and...
w-we can. we can move past it.
No.
We can't.
Because you're a fucking liar.
Ciara. wait.
What are you talking about?
Hey. Hey.
Hey. you wanted to talk. so let's talk.
Ciara. come on.
Uh. whatever. whatever's wrong.
we can just...
We'll just work it out.
We can work this out.
Fuck you.
Don't fucking follow me.
Fuck.
Don't make a fucking sound.
Please.
-Hey.
-Hey. there you are. Jesus Christ.
Yeah. hey. sorry. Um. I got...
caught up here. after you left.
Okay. well. listen. forget about it.
Did you get my text?
Hey. Turns out.
tub stew's pronouns are he/him.
I'm not...
Yeah. Yeah. listen. if this body
is St. Ledger's. then we need
to forget about the girlfriend.
go back to revenge.
Maybe talk to the family of Paul Sparling.
the victim over at Narrow River.
His parents. they divorced years ago.
And. uh. the mom
still lives in Narragansett.
I mean. that's an easy drive.
I say we just go...
no-knock ambush her.
What you say? See what's up?
Yeah.
-Hey. are-are you there?
-Oh.
-Did I lose you?
-Um...
Hey. yeah. sorry.
I-I muted you by accident.
Uh. I... I just said.
"Good thinking. that's good thinking."
Yeah. thanks. Lee.
that's-that's very sweet.
I mean. uh. let me
ask you a question. uh...
where the hell are you
right this fucking second?
Work wife problems?
Yeah.
He saw us talking today.
Well...
if K-Dog knows.
then the whole department
might find out. right?
Which means...
we might get caught. any minute.
I'm not... Listen. don't touch me.
I'm serious. I...
I can't keep risking my career
for whatever...
the fuck this is. I...
I don't want to hear from you
anymore. okay?
Don't buy me anything.
don't get me anything.
No associating of any kind. I got it.
You know...
I don't know how
we've been able
to get away with it for so long.
You know?
-I can't anymore.
-Yeah.
This is way too dangerous.
We might get caught any minute.
'Cause you got a lot to lose. don't you?
Ciara Wyse?
What are you doing here?
I told you I was coming home.
"Ciara." That's... that's what you called
your Barbie with the burned-off hair.
You're living with him. aren't you?
Wow. you are. That's a yes.
I did this for you.
-For me?
-Yes. for you.
I did this for you. I did this for Mom.
I did this for the house.
We lost Dad.
Mom's mind.
Our entire future's just decimated.
And I just stood there and I watched.
I couldn't do anything.
And so. yes. I came here
to find Oliver St. Ledger.
and make him pay
for what he did to our family.
Are you done?
What. did you practice that
in front of a fucking mirror?
Okay. so-so-so what.
you-you lured him with some insane con?
Is that what this is?
It doesn't even matter now
because it's done
and you should be fucking thanking me.
Do you think Mom's gonna give a shit
about the house
when she finds out you saved it
by fucking a psychopath?
He's not a psychopath!
Oh. he's not?
Really? Since when?
I know what you think about him because
I thought the same thing. but. Shyla.
it's not that simple.
He's eaten away by the guilt.
He has no family. he has no friends.
He literally can't sleep.
He can't even say out loud what happened
and he's been psychologically disassembled
by the same therapist back home.
He still sees Dan Troxler.
-Dan Troxler?
-Yeah.
-Are you fucking serious?
-Yes.
And he does everything he tells him.
But I... I promise. Shyla. he's paying.
He's paying the price for his mistakes.
"Mistakes."
You're in love with him. aren't you?
No!
No. I fucking hate him.
Don't lie to me.
You don't understand!
You're right. I-I don't.
I do not understand.
But if you think
that you can rob Oliver St. Ledger
and his sadistic family
and just walk away...
Megan. if we don't do something
right fucking now.
you will go to prison.
What the fuck. Shyla?
Where did you get that?
Look. you don't need to know. okay?
But I promise you.
this is not gonna come back on us.
I am going to help you get rid of him
and whatever mess you have left behind.
We really should have done this
a long time ago.
Shyla. you're losing your mind.
I don't want to lose you.
Okay?
Especially not
to Oliver St. fucking Ledger.
I'm gonna take care of it.
No. you won't.
Yes. I will.
Myself.
Shyla. I need you
to trust me
that I'm gonna handle this on my own.
I don't believe you.
I promise.
I'll take care of it.
Hi. it's me.
Um. I know we just met three days ago.
but can you fix this shitty lamp for me?
Please?
Next saved message.
Hey. I ended up
stopping at a Vietnamese place.
Uh. I'll text you the menu
if you want me to bring you something.
Next saved message.
Hi. it's me.
Someone just tried to give me a kitten.
And you are so lucky I...
Next saved message...
Is the door code
pound. number. pound
or star. number. star?
'Cause I can never remember and also...
So. see you soon.
Next saved message.
Hey. it's me.
Hi. it's me.
Hi.
Thank God
you picked up the phone for once.
Hey.
Did you hear what happened
to Alison last night?
I did. but I'm sure
you're gonna tell me anyway.
She was killed.
I mean.
I can't believe it.
Things with Elliot
must have been falling apart.
Yeah. I don't know. Mom.
I think maybe the truck had
something to do with it.
You know what I mean.
She was distracted.
We all get that way.
I hate to say it.
but maybe Elliot's relieved?
-Not that he'd say it.
-Can you...
Can you just please have some decency?
For once.
Honey. I say that
with zero judgement or malice.
Marriage is hard.
Even the good ones.
Yeah? And how many of those have you had?
None.
Right. so maybe we just keep
our toxic theories
to ourselves?
I'm sorry.
I know you and Elliot are close.
Are you... okay?
I don't know. I don't know.
I-I just... everything's just
really messed up right now.
Okay. well...
a contingent from the club is
driving up to pay respects
and to be there for Elliot.
Right. does that.
does that mean you're. um.
you're gonna come up from the city?
Oh. Oh. that would be nice.
But you know me.
I'm not good in those situations.
Yeah.
Oh. um. you're not leaving yet. are you?
Okay. yeah. right.
Bye. Mom.
I can't...
What's Karl gonna think
when he finds out?
-Okay. Stop.
-What?!
What?
What's wrong with you?
I mean it. I...
let this get too fucking far. Stop.
I can't keep
-lying to everyone in my life.
-Yeah.
Yeah.
Fuck.
Yes. you can.
Hey. get the fuck...
Look at me. Yes. you can.
-Get off me.
-You can.
And you will.
You're gonna tell Vice
that I'm working for you.
And I'm your informant.
And to leave me alone.
Because if you can't do that…
then Karl... K-Dog...
he's just the beginning of who finds out
about me and you
and everything we do.
I'll shoot you in the fucking mouth
and go to prison for my whole life
before I let this go on
for one fucking minute.
And the next time you see me.
motherfucker.
it'll be through a cage. 'cause you'll be
in the back seat
and I'll be in the front.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
What the fuck?!
Get the fuck off of me!
Fuck you!
-You're my dog.
-The fuck you say?
Say that shit again!
-Karl...
-If you ever come near my partner again.
I will press your reset button.
-You fucking understand me?!
-Karl. get off of him!
Fucking knew it.
I fucking knew it!
When you guys were doing
that whole coy eye-fuck bullshit.
I should have known.
Did he... did he pay you
before he fucked you?
Or is that something
he had to pay extra for?
Don't be an asshole.
Is this what it looks like
to be done with him?
-I was. I am.
-Stop it!
Stand right there. shut the fuck up.
You dragged me into this.
I lied to Russo to protect you.
I did not ask you to do that.
'Cause you knew you didn't have to!
You used my loyalty against me?
That's fucked up. Lee.
Is that what we doing. huh?
We lying to each other?
That's our two-step now?
All fucking day. you're just dragging me
on this whole guilt trip.
like I abandoned you.
Like I somehow owe it to you
to stick around
when you knew if you told me the truth
I'll leave even fucking faster.
Well. excuse me
from keeping you from your big dreams
of living in a fucking double-wide
and raiding Tinder for BU undergrads.
-Go ahead.
-Tell me if that's more
or less sad than getting dicked down
by some bootleg Whitey Bulger.
-I just told you that I ended it.
-That's 'cause you got caught.
You don't give a fuck about me.
You just don't want to be alone.
Who the fuck wants to be alone?
The only reason why you want me here is
'cause I'm the only thing that separates
you from a shittier version of you.
Yes. you're my savior.
You're goddamn right.
Talking shit to me all day.
Fucking with me
about my shit.
My shitty marriage.
my shitty divorce.
my shitty housekeeping.
who I fuck with.
Thank God I am
such a fucking failure. Lee.
'Cause who would you have
to compare yourself to?
-Okay.
-Huh?!
-Please. Karl...
-How could you stand on a high horse
and look down on us little people?
You made me feel fucked up.
And it's 'cause this is what you needed.
I'm sorry.
Please. Karl. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. man.
Ciara?
Hey. uh. sorry.
Hi. Have you seen my friend?
The woman who lives in 6A?
-Not for weeks.
-Hey. well. hang on. Hang on.
Uh. when did they finish construction
on the.
the roof? When did they finish?
What's wrong with the roof?
You didn't have. uh.
a termite infestation?
This building? You live here. right?
-This is your building?
-Yeah. I do.
And I don't know
what you're talking about.
You didn't have to relocate
or-or-or anything
because of. uh. fumigation or repair?
Our landlord doesn't do
shit to this place.
Could you hold?
Uh... excuse me. sir. can I help you?
Hi. uh. I'm just... I thought I saw Ciara.
Who?
Ciara Wyse. She forgot her ID today.
Where did you get this?
We don't have a Ciara here.
and this is very strange.
We don't even have these here.
Are you... are you sure?
Is-is there. like. an employee database
that-that you can look at?
Or maybe she works
at a different office or something?
There is no different office.
So you're saying the-the woman Ciara Wyse.
you've never seen her before.
Here.
Her?
You've never seen her before in your life?
I have not.
I feel like I'm going fucking crazy here.
Sorry. Um...
Uh... maybe you'd like
-to speak to somebody else?
-No. that's okay.
Thanks so much.
I'm sorry for wasting your time.
Sorry.
♪ Heart ♪
♪ I can heal my heart ♪
♪ Every time we meet ♪
No joke.
♪ Every time we part ♪
♪ When I'm in your arms...
♪ My heart...
Megan. Honey. it's me.
Have you talked to your sister?
She took the car to God knows where.
You girls are all over the place.
But listen. I-I was doing my daily reading
and. uh. it started off
same old. same old.
telling me that I'm sad. broke.
then... wouldn't you know...
I pulled the death card.
You know what that means.
Means things are gonna turn around.
Something big is happening. Megs.
I can feel it.
Where the hell's your sister?
♪ Don't test me ♪♪
-You can't just...!
-We need to talk.
Oh. Okay.
Right now I'm with a patient.
Yeah. not for long.
Trust me. I am doing you
a favor because this guy.
Dr. Troxler. is a drug-dealing.
parasitic emotional pedophile.
Shyla. please.
-I'm sorry. She's very...
-And you better run. not walk
-to a new therapist.
-This is just a cry for help.
'Cause I promise you that
he's way more fucked in the head
-than you'll ever be!
-I'll call you and we'll reschedule.
Did you forget
the fucking restraining order. Shyla?
What?
What is it? What do you want?
You need to get Oliver St. Ledger
away from my family
and keep him away. or I will.
-I mean it.
-I don't know what you're talking about.
-but I'm calling the police.
-He's fucking my sister!
Oliver St. Ledger is living
with my little sister.
And I think she fucking loves him.
Megan?
She's going by Ciara something now.
but yeah. Megan.
Look. and she's done some really
stupid shit that you need to fix.
'cause that's your job. Right?
So you call Oliver right fucking now.
You call him.
You tell him that no matter
what has gone on between the two of them.
that he needs to walk the fuck away
-and never come back.
-I don't see how this could happen.
Because she made it happen!
Okay. well. what...
what does she want with him?
She doesn't know anymore.
But wherever this thing started.
it has gone way off the fucking rails.
You look nostalgic.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
Wow.
I admit. I have manipulated
a few men in my life.
-but no termites were ever harmed.
-No. no. no. no.
I didn't kill them.
I moved them to where I knew he'd see them
because I had this big crazy plan.
-I had to sell it.
-Oh.
Your imagination astounds me.
I would have never had
the confidence at your age.
I don't know what the fuck
I was thinking. Honestly.
At least you've got him
where you want him.
I don't know. Maybe in the beginning?
But any power I had
over the situation is gone now.
I think my heart beat
the shit out of my brain.
Do you know what happens
every time you lie?
I lose a year off the end of my life?
-Sounds like you'd be dead already.
-No. I never would've been born.
Well. when you lie...
neurotransmitters are released
that dull emotions.
It becomes harder to feel things.
so the next lie is easier to tell.
and the next lie's even easier and...
and so on.
That explains a lot about him.
He's told way more lies than I have.
I wish it was easier for me. actually.
Oh. pl...
Everything's easier for you.
What a joy it would be to be you
and watch the world unfold for me.
I'll make that deal with you.
Okay...
Because I'm sure that you
don't sit around having...
insane. uncontrollable thoughts.
Like what?
What's the craziest thought
you've had today?
Do I kill my boyfriend?
Or do I kill myself?
Mm. not very original.
But I appreciate your honesty.
You poor thing.
There's something about you...
you're calculating.
but you're naive.
In the end I would say
you're a good person.
I'm not.
I'm really not.
Hmm.
In half a mile.
turn right on Broad Rock Road.
How are we gonna do this?
How are we gonna approach this woman?
I know you're not talking to me.
but at least talk at me.
Tell me the plan.
We do what we normally do.
Grind her down
till we're satisfied with her answers.
What if we're wrong
about the revenge motive?
If she's over the loss of her son.
we're just opening up old wounds.
Well. then. I guess we'll find that out.
Or maybe we're right.
but she genuinely knows nothing.
Or maybe we are right.
and she cooked
that motherfucker sous vide.
Maybe we do this one differently.
I can be the bad cop.
you can be the good one.
Wow.
You would do that for me?
Call Pope Francis.
O Lord. we got us a new saint.
Okay.
If we left Boston
and we could live anywhere...
where would we go?
Hey. Focus.
I am focused.
I'm fantasizing about us
disappearing together.
You want to disappear with me?
Mm-hmm.
I think we go...
western hemisphere. maybe?
Eastern hemisphere?
I think maybe northern.
More northern.
More.
I-I think if I go any more north.
I'm gonna be in inhospitable territory.
No. northern.
Okay. Come here. but keep going.
Mm.
No.
In 1.000 feet.
your destination is on the left.
Hey. why do you think
Paul's mom still lives here?
My kid gets murdered.
I'd get the hell out.
Mrs. Sparling?
-Where have you been?
-You don't want to know.
Are you Mrs. Sparling?
Paul Sparling's mother?
Yes.
How can I help you?
We'd like to ask you
a few questions about your son Paul.
and about Oliver St. Ledger.
Pick up.
Oliver. you there?
Oliver?
D-Dan.
Are... is that you? Are you there?
Are you okay?
What-what's happening?
Hey. can you hear me?
Listen. you're in danger.
This-this woman? Ciara?
She's not who you think she is.
Okay? It's Megan Martin.
She's Shane's sister.
Okay? Her and her whole
vindictive fucking family
are crazy. Oliver.
Okay? You need to keep her away.
Oliver?
What is that? Are you there?
Are you. are you okay?
Oliver?
I'm telling you. you are in danger.
Shane Martin's sister
is there to get revenge.
It's okay. Dan.
He knows.
-"I Looked the Future
in the Eyes. It's Mine"]
-♪ The impending days ♪
♪ Should be terrified.
we'll eat them up like cream and pie ♪
♪ I looked the future in the eyes ♪
-♪ It's mine ♪
-♪ Mine. mine. mine ♪
♪ The impending days should be terrified ♪
♪ We'll eat them up like cream and pie ♪
♪ I looked the future in the eyes ♪
-♪ It's mine ♪
-♪ Mine. mine. mine ♪
♪ The impending days
should be electrified ♪
♪ I forecasted a lightning ride ♪
♪ I looked the future in the eyes ♪
-♪ It's mine ♪
-♪ Mine. mine. mine ♪
♪ Mine. mine. mine ♪
♪ I'm seeing red. I'm seeing blood.
I'm seeing visions ♪
♪ I'm seeing something
not too far off in the distance ♪
♪ And the babies are dressed up
in a big. big man suit ♪
♪ Happy. happy people.
happy to ignore the issue ♪
♪ And I know you don't want to hear it ♪
♪ I know you don't want to know ♪
♪ So don't worry about it.
all our names will be in the vote ♪
♪ The impending days should be terrified ♪
♪ We'll eat them up like cream and pie ♪
♪ I looked the future in the eyes ♪
-♪ It's mine ♪
-♪ Mine. mine. mine ♪
♪ The impending days
should be electrified ♪
♪ I forecasted a lightning ride ♪
♪ I looked the future in the eyes ♪
-♪ It's mine ♪
-♪ Mine. mine. mine ♪
♪ The impending days should be terrified ♪
♪ We'll eat them up like cream and pie ♪
♪ I looked the future in the eyes ♪
-♪ It's mine ♪
-♪ Mine. mine. mine ♪
♪ The impending days
should be electrified ♪
♪ I forecasted a lightning ride ♪
♪ I looked the future in the eyes ♪
-♪ It's mine ♪
-♪ Mine. mine. mine ♪
♪ The impending days should be terrified ♪
♪ We'll eat them up like cream and pie ♪
♪ I looked the future in the eyes ♪
-♪ It's mine ♪
-♪ Mine. mine. mine ♪
♪ The impending days
should be electrified ♪
♪ I forecasted a lightning ride ♪
♪ I looked the future in the eyes ♪
-♪ It's mine ♪
-♪ Mine. mine. mine ♪
♪ Mine. mine. mine ♪
♪ Mine. mine. mine ♪♪